(1) What are the benefits of using CSS?
There are a number of benefits of CSS, including
1) Faster Page Speed. More code means slower page speed. 
2) Better User Experience. CSS not only makes web pages easy on the eye, it also allows for user-friendly formatting. 
3) Quicker Development Time. 
4) Easy Formatting Changes.
5) Compatibility across Devices.

(2) What are the disadvantages of CSS?

Confusion due to many CSS levels. Beginners are more vulnerable to this issue. ...
Cross-Browser Issues. Different browsers work differently. 
Security Issues. Security is important in today's world driven by technology and data.
Extra Work for Developers.

(3) What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?

There are lots of differences between the both.
CSS3 gives you lot of new features that before that was hard to achieve.
Rounded corners by CSS only
Gradients
Text-shadow
Box-shadow
Animation
Transition
Transforms
and much more.
Whereas, in CSS2 these features were missing.

(4) Name a few CSS style components
Properties: These are human-readable identifiers that indicate which stylistic features you want to modify. For example, font-size, width , background-color .
Values: Each property is assigned a value. This value indicates how to style the property.
(5) What do you understand by CSS opacity?

Opacity usually signifies how it looks, like it may have a low opacity and look like a drop of dye mixed with water, or if it has a high opacity, it would look just like the dye, thick and solid color.

(6) How can the background color of an element be changed?
The background-color property sets the background color of an element. The background of an element is the total size of the element, including padding and border (but not the margin). Tip: Use a background color and a text color that makes the text easy to read.

(7) How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?
This task can be achieved by using the background-repeat property that will help us to control the repetition of the image. The background-repeat property in CSS is used to repeat the background image both horizontally and vertically. It also decides whether the background image will be repeated or no

(8) What is the use of the background-position property?
The background-repeat property sets if/how a background image will be repeated. By default, a background-image is repeated both vertically and horizontally. Tip: The background image is placed according to the background-position property.

(9) Which property controls the image scroll in the background?
The background-attachment CSS property sets whether a background image's position is fixed within the viewport, or scrolls with its containing block.

(10) Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
Color contrast between text and background is important on web pages. It affects some people's ability to perceive the information. Everyone who can see sees things in different ways.
(11) How to center block elements using CSS1?
In order to center the block-level elements, we need to set the margin-right and margin-left properties to explicit values.

(12) How to maintain the CSS specifications?
This page contains descriptions of all specifications that the CSS WG is working on. See the ‘current work’ page for a compact view and how to give feedback.

(13) What are the ways to integrate CSS as web page?
CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways: Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements. Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section. External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file.

(14) What is embedded style sheet?
Embedded style sheets are particularly useful for HTML documents that have unique style requirements from the rest of the documents in your project. However, if the styles need to be applied across multiple documents, you should link to an external style sheet instead of using individual embedded style sheets.

(15) What are the external style sheets?
An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage. Multiple WebPages can use the same link to access the style sheet. The link to an external style sheet is placed within the head section of the page.

(16) What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheet?
External style sheets have the following advantages over internal and inline styles:
1) One change to the style sheet will change all linked pages.
2) You can create classes of styles that can then be used on many different HTML elements.
3) Consistent look and feel across multiple web pages.


(17) What is the meaning of the CSS selector?
A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule. It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML elements should be selected to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.

(18) What is the media type allowed by CSS?
CSS 2.1 defines the following media groups:
1) Continuous or paged.
2) Visual, audio, speech, or tactile.
3) Grid (for character grid devices), or bitmap.
4) Interactive (for devices that allow user interaction), or static (for those that do not).
5) All (includes all media types)

(19) What are the rules set?
A collection of rules or signatures that network traffic or system activity is compared against to determine an action to take—such as forwarding or rejecting a packet, creating an alert, or allowing a system event.

